I have uploaded a new screenshot showing the Brand Reviews section of the creative brief builder UI.
Please build the Brand Reviews page following these detailed instructions.

⚡ Project Setup Reminder
Continue using the existing Vite + React + TailwindCSS setup.

Continue using React Router DOM for page routing.

This BrandReviews.jsx page should be accessible at the /reviews route.

🧩 Page Layout Structure
Page Title:

Main heading: Brand Reviews

Small "Optional" label next to the title (small size text or badge).

Subtext under title:

"Upload customer reviews for AI analysis and better brief generation, or skip this step."

Upload Section:

Upload Reviews Button (simple input or button styled like the screenshot):

Label: Upload Reviews

Wide full width input/button above the upload area (currently just visual; no real functionality yet).

Drag and Drop Upload Zone:

Visual card with:

Upload icon at the top (optional: use any placeholder or SVG upload icon).

Title: Upload Customer Reviews

Instruction text:

"Drag and drop your reviews file or click to browse. We'll analyze the content to enhance your creative brief."

Light grey dashed border rectangle inside:

Label inside: Click to upload or drag and drop

Subtext: "CSV, DOCX, PDF, or TXT file (up to 10MB)"

Use Tailwind to design a dashed border area (border-dashed) and hover effects when hovered over.

No real upload function needed yet — visual design only.

🎨 Styling Details
Use TailwindCSS to:

Center align all upload-related text.

Style the upload area with border-dashed, rounded-lg, p-10, and hover:bg-gray-100.

Keep spacing clean between sections (space-y-8).

Align upload input, text, and upload zone vertically.

Use light grey backgrounds (bg-gray-50) where appropriate.

Optional Badge for "Optional" text can be styled with:

html
Copy
Edit
<span className="ml-2 text-xs text-gray-500">(Optional)</span>
placed next to the main title.

🚀 Bottom Buttons
Left bottom: Back button (goes to /offer page).

Right bottom: Generate Summary button (styled like a primary button but no real function yet).

You can style the Generate Summary button as dark blue background with white text (bg-indigo-900 text-white).

📂 Folder Organization
Save this page in /src/pages/BrandReviews.jsx.

Import and reuse Navbar or ProgressTabs if already created.

Modular and clean component design.

✅ Key Rules
No backend logic yet (upload button and drag/drop zone are visual only).

No real validation or summary generation.

Focus 100% on frontend structure and design as shown in the screenshots.

Use Tailwind utility classes.

Match exact layout, text, spacing, and styles based on the screenshot.

In short: Build the "Brand Reviews" frontend page from my uploaded screenshots using Vite + React + TailwindCSS + React Router DOM, keeping it clean, modular, and ready for backend integration later.